#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
django==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-storages
django-allauth==65.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor==6.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor
django-recaptcha3==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openpyxl
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-docx
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytils==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-recaptcha3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sorl-thumbnail==12.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-docx
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
